# Engineering

## Work

By day, I am a low-latency Java developer at the Royal Bank of Canada. I enjoy
thinking about how my code will impact performance. More often than not, it takes me
down a fun rabbit hole of research.

Some of the core technologies I use are: Java 8, Spring Core, Aeron, Chronicle, Solace,
Artio, Quickfix/J, Agrona, etc.

---

## Personal Dabblings

Is there a greater rush than creating a new GitHub repo, committing "initial commit",
and then never touching it again? Here are some of the things I have dabbled with.


### Generative AI

As a passionate hater of frontend development, GenAI opened up a new world of
possibilities. Most of the code for this whole website is generated by Gemini
and Junie (Google and JetBrains respectively).


Technology used: Java 21, Maven, Spring Boot, Html+CSS+Thymeleaf.

Deployed to a Hetzner VPS.

GitHub Link: [oebsait](https://github.com/mooease95/oebsait)

### Rust

It's hard to navigate any technology space online without someone shoving Rust down
your throat. So naturally, I've played around with it. It is still early days - I am
trying to redo one of my Java courseworks from university in Rust. The low-latency
possibilities of Rust are pretty exciting!


Technology used: Rust

GitHub Link: [rusy-relaxation](https://github.com/mooease95/rusty-relaxation)

### wobbbles

wobbbles is a CRUD gym application written with my friend. A test version has been
published on the Android Play Store. Lot of comments were received, which are yet to
be implemented.


Technology used: Java 21, Maven, Spring Boot, Dart, SQL

Deployed to a Hetzner VPS.

GitHub Links:

* [wobbbles-server-spring](https://github.com/notistdev/wobbbles-server-spring)
* [wobbbles-client-flutter](https://github.com/notistdev/wobbbles-client-flutter)

[notistdev](https://github.com/notistdev?tab=repositories) is a GitHub account we
created to manage the project.

---

## Projects at University

As a Computer Science alumnus of the University of Bath, I have had my share of
projects. There is only one worth mentioning here though.


### SENTiment

For my final year project, I worked on a messaging application that used a third-party
API to run sentiment analysis on messages. Supervised by Human-Computer Interaction
(HCI) professors, the aim of the project was to find the most optimum depiction of
emotion/ sentiment/ affect in a messaging application. The application was written for
Android using Java.

Technology used: Android Studio, Java, Gradle, XML, Indigo API.

GitHub Link: [SENTiment](https://github.com/mooease95/SENTiment)